CSCI 344 - Programming Language Concepts
Assignment A3 (20 points)
Due Wednesday, Sep 26, 2018

This file can found on the CS lab server here:

    /usr/local/pub/plcc/Assignments/A3/a3

##QUESTION 1 (NEG, 20 pts):
    Consider language V1, with expressions consisting of literals,
    variables, and primitive applications.  You are to add a
    'neg' primitive that takes a single argument and returns the
    value of its arithmetic negative.  For example, the expression

        neg(add1(3))

    evaluates to -4, and

        neg(neg(42))

    evaluates to 42.

    Create a directory NEG in which you will do your work, and copy the
    contents of the Code/V1 directory into this working directory.

    You will need to modify the 'grammar' file by adding a NEGOP token
    and creating a grammar rule for the NegPrim primitive.  You will
    also need to modify the 'prim' file so that it will handle the 'apply'
    semantics in the 'NegPrim' class.  Observe that this primitive takes
    a single argument.

    Also, modify the specification of the LIT token in your NEG grammar
    so that a literal can begin with an optional minus sign, with
    the obvious interpretation.  For example, both of the following
    expressions evaluate to 11:

        neg(-11)
        add1(10)

    Do *not* make changes to the 'prim' file other than adding the
    semantics for 'NegPrim', and do *not* make any changes at all to the
    'code', 'env', and 'val' files.

    Make sure you have tested your modifications by running plccmk
    in your NEG directory and evaluating several expressions using
    your neg primitive and negative literals.

    Grading:
    5 pts for correct modification of the token specification to
        accommodate the NEG and LIT tokens
    5 pts for correct modification of the BNF rules to accommodate
        the NegPrim grammar rule
    10 pts for correct implementation of the NegPrim evaluation semantics

    Once you have implemented and tested your changes, copy your modified
    'grammar' and 'prim' files into new files with the following names:

        a3-neg-grammar
        a3-neg-prim

##SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS
-------------------------

Create a FLAT zip file named A3.zip containing ONLY the following files:

    a3-neg-grammar
    a3-neg-prim

Your zip file should NOT contain any other files or directories -- not
even one named A3. Submit your A3.zip file to your A3 assignment dropbox.
